Then I will fulfill your offense against my Lord and stop it
Hahahahahaha
i
Chen Tianming Chen Family Young Master
He is the only heir to the Chen family
Sitting on tens of billions of power
Even my father and minister Beiliu
They are all one of the seventy-two commanders of the Dragon Palace
Even the governor of Qinzhou can't decide my life and death
What right do you have to decide my life and death?
I said it sounded so familiar
You are Chen Meiling's son
Ha ha.
How about now I know I'm afraid
What kind of invitation will Chen Meiling push tomorrow?
And also resigned from the position of the man of the Dragon Palace
My Dragon Palace does not accept those who lack virtue
Who do you think you are?
You think you really treat yourself like a human being
Can you decide the life and death of others?
As my master
How hard is it?
How dare you!
Oh, hahaha, I see, Xiao Chen.
You put on such a play tonight
Put in a lot of effort behind your back
What are you talking about?
Ladies and gentlemen, this Xiao Chen
bad conduct
After being expelled from the Song Family by Ling Yun
There is no place to chase in Qingzhou
This is the letter tonight
To regain a little bit of dignity
That's it. That's not all.
He also wants to disrupt the normal procedures of the Dragon Night tonight
So that the Su family was criticized
Cannot be promoted to a family
And throw away satisfactory cooperation projects
Resignation breath can be Zhou
Xiao Chen, you pretended to be lame for three years for money
I wasted three years of the host's time in vain
now
Mr. Su finally mustered up the courage to pursue his beloved
But you are making a living dragon feast
You're not a man, whatever you want
Xiao Chen's most important facts lie in front of him
You still want to quibble
Humph
I really didn't expect it.
You will be listed to this extent
A piece of my sincerity
You see others offer a little favor and throw themselves into their arms
Other people believe it when they talk nonsense
They didn't take me seriously for three years.